Removes the functionality of the Describe in prometheus exporter. (#3342)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- `sdktrace.TraceProvider.Shutdown` and `sdktrace.TraceProvider.ForceFlush` to not return error when no processor register. (#3268)
- The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus".New` now also returns an error indicating the failure to register the exporter with Prometheus. (#3239)

> - The prometheus exporter will no longer try to enumerate the metrics it will send to prometheus on startup. This fixes a warning on startup. (#????)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The prometheus exporter will no longer try to enumerate the metrics it will send to prometheus on startup.
   This fixes the `reader is not registered` warning currently emitted on startup. (#3291 #3342)
```
